troubleshooting(webcontainer): how to fix infinite reload in chrome (#138)
stackblitz/docs: docs/platform/webcontainers/troubleshooting-webcontainers.md

 3. Run `npm install --force` to bypass the conflicts.

Your project should load without your action, at least if dependencies are automatically installed. If an error is detected, StackBlitz will automatically re-run the installation step with `npm install --legacy-peer-deps`. You can find more information on how to configure your project [here](https://developer.stackblitz.com/platform/webcontainers/project-config).

> ## Chrome: Infinite reload when dev tools are opened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Chrome: Infinite reload when DevTools are opened
```

> If you have your preview in a separate tab and you open Chrome dev tools, you can observe an infinite reload loop after a refresh. This is usually caused by having the `Update on reload` checkbox checked in `Application > Service Workers`.

Reviewer: Maybe we can slightly rephrase? Just an idea:
```suggestion
You might find yourself stuck in an infinite reload loop upon refreshing your webpage. This is usually caused by having the `Update on reload` setting checked under `Application > Service Workers` if you've launched your preview in a separate tab while Chrome DevTools are open.
```

> <img alt="Chrome DevTools with the Application tab selected showing the Service Workers section with the Update on reload checkbox checked" src="./assets/chrome-update-on-reload.png" width="800" />

Reviewer: Nice!

To fix this issue, simply disable that option.

:::info

> At this time, it is not possible to install your own service workers with webcontainer as our own service worker is used as a core component of the networking stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, it is not possible to install your own Service Worker with WebContainer as our own Service Worker is used as a core component of the networking stack.
```

> Having this option enabled mean it update webcontainer's service worker on every page refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having this option enabled means it updates WebContainer's Service Worker on every page refresh.
```

> Having this option enabled mean it update webcontainer's service worker on every page refresh.

Reviewer: Maybe we can mention why that is an issue. Also fine if we don't.
